Distributor: Add AutoForget support (#8067)
grafana/loki: CHANGELOG.md

##### Enhancements

> * [8067](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/8067) **DylanGuedes**: Distributor: Add auto-forget unhealthy members support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [8067](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/8067) **DylanGuedes**: Distributor: Auto-forget unhealthy ring members to mitigate a problem that can lead to `empty ring` error responses.
```

Author: Although I previously stated that this should help with the empty ring errors, after testing and better investigation I found that this won't help at all. This will be helpful though in any scenarios where a OOM happens.
